Completion Status:
For now,the c program i have written does not work on role names with uppercase letters and with space.
To fix this,i will need to use for loop to find if it exactly matches.
To reduce time,i have just used strcmp functions.
I have just used scanf to get input with %s identifier.
It does not take input of more than a word.
To fix this issue,i need to use fgets function.
which i will fix if i get enough time.

I have not finished the final 10th case.

Instructions:
*This program is written on clion ide with c99 standard

*This is just a normal compilable c program.

*Method of Approach:
*Since,the project involves data with hierarchical structure one solution can be obviously using tree data structure.
*Since,the project involves some priority for each level one option would be to use max-heap.
*But,since the data involves variable number of childs,we may opt for k-ary heap.
*But again the issue is each root node may not have equal number of child.
*This makes the heap concept difficult to use.
*Another approach would be to use a linked list and assign level and the master with each data.
*But,not to make the problem complex i have implemented it using simple struct.


*I initialized a struct datatype to store the role,employees with that role,level(with 1 being the top and with lower levels incremented with 1 each level),we also store the master role for this role.

Reason for using sort function:
We use a count variable to note down the number of role and we use it to initialize a new struct.
Each new role is added based on the value of count variable.(But each role will store the level and other data separately).
There is a need to sort this data based on level data to get our desired output.

Steps to execute the code:
1.I have added both the binary and source code of the c program with the name zoho_final and zoho_final.c respectively.
2.If you wish to compile it,just use the below command in the location of the folder in terminal
gcc -o zoho_final zoho_final.c

This should get the binary for the source code which can be executed by just double clicking or typing ./zoho_final in terminal(linux).

Each question asked has been added as each option(case) in the code.
For example,to execute question 2,we first need to create root role so,enter 1.
It will ask for root role,give a role.
Now type option 2.
It will ask the master for new role.
Give master role(In our case,we have just created a root role so,give the root role as master role).
Now,give the subrole.

Likewise,each question has been executed as each case in the c program.


PLEASE CONTACT ME ANY TIME YOU HAVE ISSUES IN EXECUTING THE CODE at +917010533558 or a.aswin@pm.me
